Auto Generated API - 3.0.0 (#864)
opensearch-project/opensearch-js: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading Opensearch JavaScript Client
## Upgrading from 2.x to 3.x

> Starting from 3.x, the API functions and modules of the Opensearch JavaScript are generated from the OpenSearch REST API specification. While the vast majority of the API remains the same, there are some changes that you should be aware of when upgrading from 2.x to 3.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from 3.x, the API functions and modules in opensearch-js are generated from the [OpenSearch REST API specification](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-api-specification/). While the vast majority of the API remains the same, there are some breaking changes that may require updating your application when upgrading from 2.x to 3.x.
```

### Breaking Changes

> - **Removed camelCase params**: Every API function now only accepts parameters matching the OpenSearch API Spec, which are also what the OpenSearch server expects. In previous versions, some API functions would convert camelCase parameters to snake_case before sending them to the server. This is no longer the case. For example, the `client.search()` function now only accepts `filter_path`, and passing `filterPath` will result in an error from the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Removed camelCase params

Every API function now only accepts parameters matching the OpenSearch API Spec, which are also what the OpenSearch server expects. In previous versions, some API functions would convert camelCase parameters to snake_case before sending them to the server. This is no longer the case. For example, the `client.search()` function now only accepts `filter_path`, and passing `filterPath` will result in an error from the server.
```

This is so one can link to the paragraph easily when it needs to be mentioned in, for example, bug reports.

> - **Removed overridden HTTP methods**: The 3.x client no longer allows overriding the HTTP method for API functions. In previous versions, some API functions let you pass `method` as a parameter to the API functions to override the default HTTP method. Now, `method` will be considered a querystring param, and using it will likely result in an error. If you need to send a custom request, you should use the `client.http` namespace.

Reviewer: Add a before/after example here for this one change.

In 2.x:
```ts
import { Client, type opensearchtypes, type RequestParams } from '@opensearch-project/opensearch';

const client = new Client({ node: 'http://localhost:9200' });

const searchRequest: RequestParams.Search = { body: { query: { match: { director: 'miller' } } } };
const searchResponse = (await client.search(searchBody)).body as opensearchtypes.SearchResponse;
```

In 3.x:
```ts
import { Client, type API } from '@opensearch-project/opensearch';

const client = new Client({ node: 'http://localhost:9200' });

const searchRequest: API.Search_Request = { body: { query: { match: { director: 'miller' } } } };
const searchResponse = (await client.search(searchBody)).body; 
// Note that the response type is now inferred, and you don't need to cast with `as API.Search_ResponseBody`
```

### Deprecations

> - **snake_case API modules and functions**: In 3.x, all API modules and functions are now in camelCase, comforming to the naming convention of Javascript. The snake_case aliases are still available but are deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### snake_case API modules and functions

In 3.x, all API modules and functions are now in camelCase, conforming to the naming convention of Javascript. The snake_case aliases are still available but are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. For example, change all references to `create_pit` with `createPit`.
```
